---
layout: post
title: My Story
description:
tags: [music]
image:
  feature: my-story.jpg
  credit: Lili Popper
  creditlink: https://stocksnap.io/photo/T1VA15FJXL
  style: "height: 833px; left: 0px; top: -100px;"
---

I heard another great song on the radio yesterday by [Big Daddy Weave](http://www.bigdaddyweave.com/) called *My Story*. It was a great reminder to me that everything that has happened in my life is now a part of my story - and ultimately, my story is about God.

My life story is all about how God took my life as it is, and is using me for good. He is the Hope that never lets me go. He is the Love that never gives up on me. He has brought me victory over my past. He is the Grace that is greater then *all* my sin.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/t8TBoR-GSso" frameborder="0"> </iframe>

[Big Daddy Weave - My story - YouTube](http://youtube.com/watch?v=t8TBoR-GSso)

Here are the lyrics:

<pre>
<b>Verse 1</b>
If I told you my story
  You would hear hope that wouldn't let go
If I told you my story
  You would hear love that never gave up
If I told you my story
  You would hear life but it wasn't mine

<b>Chorus</b>
If I should speak then let it be:
   Of the grace that is greater than all my sin
   Of when justice was served and where mercy wins
   Of the kindness of Jesus that draws me in
To tell you my story is to tell of Him

<b>Verse 2</b>
If I told you my story
  You would hear victory over the enemy
If told you my story
  You would hear freedom that was won for me
If I told you my story
  You would hear life overcome the grave

<b>Bridge</b>
This is my story
This is my song
Praising my Savior all the day long
</pre>

--------------------------

I love the throwback to the old hymn [*Blessed Assurance*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blessed_Assurance).

This song helps me to remember that even though my life story feels like it is about me, it is really a story of what God has done for me. I love this line from the song: "To tell you my story is to tell of Him". I hope that as I get the opportunity to tell my story to others, it will always point to God.

---------------------------

Just try to remember that all of the ups and downs, the good and the bad, the joy and the sorrow - they all make up your life and your story. Instead of beating yourself up over stupid things you have done in the past - praise God for redeeming you, transforming you, and using your life to accomplish good things.

One last point I want to make: Get familiar with your story and be ready to tell your story should the situation arise. Maybe your story can be a turning point for someone who shares a similar story with you!
